This is a HeadGum Podcast. Welcome to the campaign after the campaign. This is not another D&D podcast. Welcome back to Bahoomia. I'm your dungeon master Brian Murphy joined by Jake Hurwitz, Caldwell Tanner, and Emily Axford. That's moonshine. Hello. Hola. It's actually hard when he does not know Spanish. He learned it. I just say hello in Dwarven. Language is Dwarven and Spanish. But only because he worked in a Mexican restaurant. I know quesadilla and hola. You found a magical stone called Duolingo. Cool. So guys, let's do a little recap and we can keep it loose and kind of talk through it. But last session, the party was at the Hungry Trout Inn and Tavern. That's where you started. Mishka. Where you just decapitated some troublesome barbarian folk, some of the townspeople and Mishka, the half-orc bartender, helped you hide the bodies. Yeah, Kruk and Ganesh. No, Kruk and Goresh. Goresh is not dead yet. Goresh is the head guy. Goresh is the big guy. Mishka told you that Goresh was the leader. You have not killed Goresh. You have not even met Goresh. Mishka was badass. Bitch fought a dragon. She did tell you that her and a group of townspeople had fought the dragon before the heroes ever came. So she is kind of a badass. She explained to you guys that these barbarians were part of the Cracked Tooth Clan and that they were pretty much running the town. Then you had your boy Scoutmaster Denny took you to visit Shay, the druid, at the temple. She was the gray-haired, ageless druid lady. I just want to go to her yoga retreat in Belize. I want to live in a yurt with her. Oh my god, yes. Me and Shay in a yurt just wrapped up in yoga mats. That's what's keeping you warm in the bog right now. Just drowning in chia seeds. So she blessed you guys, she healed you up, and she gave you some scrolls of waterwalking. But then you guys elected, instead of using the scrolls of waterwalking, you saved them. You elected to take a boat across. You snuck by that barbarian druid dude, then traveled to a dilapidated dock on the other side of the bay. You headed into the swamp to search for the missing green teens who were dragged off by the bully wugs. You picked up their trail and managed to kill a couple of the bully wug scouts. I believe Hardwon chopped one in half. That's correct. And Beverly stabbed one into a tree. I feel like you're really glossing over some of Hardwon's failures. I don't remember those. Let's continue with the recap. He was hit by two spears before that. Was he? You fell into a puddle later. I don't know. Then you guys fought a giant snake. It was so long ago. That burst out of a murky pool of water. And Hardwon killed the snake. And let's get started with the episode. Hardwon finished it off while yelling Opa Aladdin style, in reference of course to Beverly also yelling Opa Aladdin style earlier in the fight. Moonshine then cut up the snake to possibly make some jambalaya in the future. Can we get a quick jambalaya recap? We have a frog leg. Yeah, you do have a frog leg. And some snake skin or just like I guess a big hunk of snake. Yeah, snake, frog. Uh-huh. This is going to be a hell of a stinky jambalaya. It's going to be a real aquatic jambalaya. No rice, no veggies. Hardwon is not hungry. You guys have potions though. Yeah. One potion, one potion has been used. I say we book it. I say we just try and get these youngins. I mean they are the priority, they are the future. Yep. Yeah. Okay, great. Let's go for it. So you guys continue to make your way. We're stealthing. I'm going first. Mask of the wild. Great. Go ahead and give me a stealth roll with advantage because you got that mask of the wild. 14. 14. Okay, pretty good. So you start making your way through this. Just pretty good? So I'm like doing a really good job stealthing but I'm also humming loudly. Spores are growing everywhere. Yeah, you're unseeable but you are singing a Crick song. Lullaby. And Papa is never stealthed. Yeah, Papa's just going. Why did you bring the animal? He's real gassy today. Those are his little burps. Just over and over again. To see the world that Papa sees. You make your way through the swamp. You're able to pick up the Bullywug's trail when suddenly in the distance you do, you see the glow of this fire now. Okay. So it's safe to assume that you're getting close. What are we talking like? Campfire? Bonfire? Or ritualistic sacrifice? Is it like a fun bonfire that everyone's dancing around and drinking? Oh, is this a bonfire where underage teens are drinking? Yeah. Our kid's trying to do it. More of like a cooking fire. Oh, they're cooking those fucking kids, man. Yeah, you smell teen flesh. Is there a dry brine on those kids? You're not close enough yet. Yeah, vinegar or sugar? Go ahead and give me a perception check. I lend her my spyglass. Very good. Ooh, bitch, that's gonna be a 23. 23, nice. That's right. Well, you know, we got good eyesight down in the crib. You can see the fucking gladiatoron from up here. So you see, it is difficult for you to kind of see anything because there are all of these other trees around. It's just, you know, a big thicket. It's difficult for you to see. But you do see smoke from a fire north to you. And to the west, you can see the top of a castle. A castle? Yeah, like a keep. Do we... We don't know about this castle. This isn't like... You know that the dragon Shadowfang lived in a keep in this swamp. Okay, well, first off, y'all, we got smoke, and you know what they say about smoke, where there's smoke, there are youngins. Yep, where there's smoke, yeah. That's not quite what they say, but yeah. There are youngins. They love the stuff. Our youngins down by the creek play with a lot of fire. Anyways, so I believe... You guys are bad with children. Go on. Honestly, down at the creek, they outnumber the adults by about 12 to 1, so they make the rules. A place where kids rule. Sounds cool to me. It's a scary place. It's so crazy that one day you guys are going to have to go to the creek, and I just have to keep a running list of all the stupid shit Emily says. Young kids playing with fire. It's Children of the Corn. And there is a lot of corn. Second point of interest is next to that there is the spire of a castle. Obviously, no, right now that's not... It's kind of far away. Okay. It's not exactly in the... So that's not directly of interest to us right now, but perhaps it is something that if we save these youngins... Yeah, it's safe for them at the keep. It could be a good place to hide out in case of danger. Yeah. I've made a little map. I love squatting. I love finding just an abandoned house and just living there for three to six months. Strange hobby. That's interesting. I'll tell you what. That's a personal passion of yours. I live in a house with my mom and dad, but that's a way to do it. Yeah. Shall we proceed to the north? Yeah, let's go save the kids. How are you guys at HP-wise and stuff? Oh, shit. 15, baby. I think I'm at nine. That makes sense. I don't think I got hurt. Is this something... I don't think you got hurt. Do we have any sort of concept of how pressing this is if we need to get to them right away or if we could take a nap? I feel like it's as pressing as whenever kids are missing. That's pretty pressing, right? Yeah. There's the ritualistic sacrifice. We've all seen the first 48. Yeah. If we don't find the green teens within 48 hours. Although it would be fun to put up a little hammock in a tree. Yeah, but we could do that once we find the green teens. I could... Hold on. I think I'm out of spells, so I don't know if I can do a heal. You are out of spells, right? I've got second wind. Okay. You still have action surge as well. Oh, yeah. You haven't used any of your stuff. No, I haven't. Not out of strategy. I think you just forgot that you had it. I just don't really look at the page. So it kind of works out. Hard one's too proud to ever accept help. Everyone else had to use all of their spells to save your life because you weren't using your own abilities. Moonshine currently has a poultice of healing herbs that she's trying to put on all of his bark rashes. I'm good. You guys have potions, though. Yeah. One potion, one potion has been used. I say we book it. I say we just try and get these youngins. I mean, they are the priority. They are the future. Yep. Yeah. Okay, great. Let's go for it
Vegas it's a very bad it's the problem is the hubris it's that's right it's a god punishing you that's exactly right if I was just a little more humble I would be better all right so Bev you you clock a single bullywog standing guard oh he looks a little bored you see him you know nonchalantly stick his tongue out and eat a fly as it buzzes by hmm he's holding a giant appetite children yeah he's holding a giant hammer in two hands and he's near a big hanging metal sheet looks like some kind of improvised gong and yeah in the distance you can you can see the fire and you can hear some chatter is it just me or does this feel like the jamboree is happening you did have a big gong oh okay okay okay we do have a gong at the jamboree this isn't the jamboree it feels like I now that she's put the idea in my head I see the gong quiet don't celebrate it's not the jamboree no yeah yeah Bev no no Kaloo Kalies right now okay okay silent you can do you can do a mental Kaloo Kalie Kalooka shh okay now I can tell by the way that that bullywog is standing that it is in heat so oh I know what that's like he just picks his ass I don't think that's gonna affect anything but just be weary I don't know as someone who's in heat for most days of the year uh-huh it does affect you you know water retention and such absolutely I don't I don't understand and I would ask you to quit talking about it same okay okay I'm just saying you're gonna smell it instinctually no we know you're fertile papa just starts sticking his head into your armpit you say it so much I know it's like a warning anyways go on go on well all right so does anyone have an idea about what we should do I imagine there's more bullywogs around but that's the only one I can see we can't let him ring that fucking gong yeah that would probably be bad it could either summon more bullywogs or start the Feast of Pelor which is an annual jamboree tradition that's not gonna be that I don't know I think it's like 50-50 well so he's bored so what if we made some noise out here to try and lure him nice in and then we can kind of ambush him Kalooka Shh I just did you really do that? I don't actually do that oh oh wait a second Beverly you know so much about these bullywogs why don't you make a bullywog mating call if he's in heat nice get him to come out do you have your animal mating call patch? I have I have dissected a bullywog and we we had some lectures so it was dead toad was not making any noise it was not making any noise it's true but I have some some of my dad's friends like to go bullywog hunting and one of them gave me a bullywog call you know for one of my birthdays so I've got some experience with it let's go you do not have a bullywog call I'll stand for the nonsense in the creek I'll stand for the green teen traditions oh so what I do is I check my pockets ah dang it I left it at home it's gonna be a deception check okay so whoever has the best deception plus two just check it out you guys can also I have plus six you guys can also you guys can also help each other I can't believe a paladin well okay so we got bullywogs down by the creek so if you do a mating call I do a mating call between the two of us one of us is gonna get it right there's two girls for every guy yeah okay okay but I think that you are telling me that you believe in my ability to do bullywog calls great and I'm telling you not to do it I think that's a great idea just as hard one as Jake go for it yeah I give y'all both thumbs up and then I like contort my fingers into a weird flesh ocarina and prepare to bellow out this bullywog call all right wait wait wait all right I'm gonna give you I'm gonna give you you can roll advantage on this but you still need to beat a DC 20 all right cool because I love the term flesh ocarina it looks so uncomfortable I'm like pulling out my this is like a fucking jutsu oh my god remember it doesn't have to be super loud uh-huh well I mean for it to be accurate it would be but I understand that's what did he roll he rolled a one I gave you advantage I give advantage one more roll thank god it's gonna be a fucking 20 that's a six okay and what did you get all right what do you have total for deception oh plus six yeah 12 okay you see the dude looks up bangs the gong okay you hear the sound of the hammer against the metal loud gong I should have known that the gong was a warning yeah okay should we scurry up in the trees should we scurry up in the trees and try and get some kind of advantage over them let's get up the tree I'm going up in the tree I strap on the papa harness and go up the tree okay so give me some climb checks to see if you can get there quick enough while these bully wugs run into the forest to find you guys we add acrobatics or athletics athletics I got a one you got a one I got a 17 this is the first time I didn't say watch this and I got a 24 hard one scurries up whoa Beverly face plants in the mud I got a 17 you scurry up so now I'm gonna I can't leave Beverly down there everybody give me stealth checks Beverly you give me one with disadvantage because you're face down in the mud I just rolled another one 13 okay Taylor has forsaken me I only got a six so hard one bounds up a tree and tries to hide between some branches but he is so big but his legs are just hanging out he thinks that just because he has his face covered like a toddler you can't see me he thinks he's hidden moonshine mistakes his huge meaty legs for just another bow of the tree and tries to climb them his legs are trunks so moonshine is hiding behind hard one's legs and you can see her face papa doesn't realize that you're in danger and he's just kind of walking around I gotta deposit papa out of I'm depositing him up in the tree and staying up there papa scrambles that little thing has probably like one hip hole papa scrambles up into the tree as you guys go up into the tree I gotta deposit papa out of I'm depositing him up in the tree and staying up there papa scrambles that little thing has probably like one hip hole papa scrambles up into the tree as you guys go up into the tree Beverly face plants in his scramble as the bullywugs rush into the forest to find you guys Beverly just tries to cover himself in mud and kind of hide that is what I would do you guys see seven bullywugs that's still really bad come out and they find Beverly first alright I gotta symbiotic entity you walk style oh no they hoist me point their spears oh I got you oh surrounded by seven bullywug spears while you're on the ground I'm gonna wait this one out see how Beverly handles it that's cool so you see they hold their spears to you you see they look kind of freaked out and confused a bunch of them are mumbling in bullywug real quick being like and you see one sticks his spear up to your chin okay and in broken common says are you here for the tambourine what are you doing out there I think I think I laugh I try not to I cover my mouth instantly but I do I do let out a little chuckle so a bunch of the bullywugs two of them grab you pick you up and start walking you back okay shit so we we should so wait where is he yes if you guys want to do something right now I think we gotta go do you have spells well no I was gonna I was gonna symbiotic entity so you're gonna turn into a symbiotic entity yeah so you know it's go time let's go that's like I didn't have to say anything do you think is there like a sailor moon transformation sequence that plays when you do that absolutely cool except instead of like you know rock music or something it's like it's like bluegrass music all washboard make an attack oh lord they haven't seen you yet as they're dragging me away I ask are we doing sack races this year yes no I come I just come flying out of the tree with my scimitar on the closest bullywug or like one of the bullywugs that's holding Beverly go ahead and go ahead and make an attack roll okay that's gonna be eight to hit eight to hit that does not hit I didn't think so but I still halo spores him you halo spores him okay he's gonna be six hit points because I am the fungal queen moonshine jumps out of the tree she misses big time with the scimitar the bullywug moves out at the last second they all let out a croak of fear but then she spits her spores at him and you see he coughs and he looks very upset by this I cast shalala shalala shalala shalala okay that's my bonus action so next time I use my scimitar shaloo shaloo so you turn your scimitar into a shalala hard one if you want to take an attack you can do it in a surprise round hard one was just about to whisper to moonshine let's wait and see what happens turns she's not there he's like alright fuck jumps out great axe over his head swinging at the other bullywug that's holding Bev that's an eight plus what is this the six yeah so 14 14 that actually does not hit what 14 doesn't hit oh wait no you know what he's holding he's holding Beverly he would not have his shield up so it will hit him oh they got shields these little motherfuckers have shields yeah so go ahead and make your attack roll who the fuck sold shields their damage they're making they have little wooden shields and stuff who is dealing arms to these swamp definitely someone my dad knows heathens okay that's
The bullywug closest to Hardwon to defend. I want to try something. You can give me that classic Brian Murphy yes or no. Sure. I pull out the snake tooth I took earlier. Okay. And I want to try and stab one of the bullywugs with it to see if it's going to poison him. Go for it. I mean, you are pretty powerful. Probably more powerful than a poisonous snake tooth, but I like this. Yeah, it's creative. I think maybe they'll see me do this and be like, oh, he's killed one of those big snakes. You should hide it in your finger so they think that you just have a poisonous touch. That's cool. Yeah, I do that. Okay. The man of legend. 15. Okay, that does hit. Go ahead and roll me a D4 for dagger damage. It's a two. Seven total? Seven total. And then, yeah, sure. This one time you can roll a D6 for poison damage, but that'll be all his venom. I don't know if that's how venom works. It just stays on their teeth. It's stored in little cavities. I know this because I have the merit badge. All right. I rolled a two. Okay, so what is the total damage you've done? Okay, shit. You've done nine. Yeah, so nine. Okay, nine damage. Cool. So you stab this dude for nine damage. Open palm slam. Yeah. Do you think I just slap him? Yeah. I think that's what I would do. He lets out a pained croak. No, it's my birthday. And then he'll do a constitution saving throw. I really don't think we should be killing these dudes. Usually I like to whip up a nice stew for someone who sets their birthday. Okay, he does not get poisoned, but you did some poison damage. Okay, so that takes us to the bullywogs. So there's three that are going to swing on Beverly because he's right there, and then the other one's going to go at Moonshine. Is he going to turn around? So bite first, misses. Spear, misses. Second guy, spear, misses. Shit, you have an 18 AC? Bite, misses. Yes, I just rolled a small. I just rolled a two, a four, a two, and a three. These bullywogs are morons. Beverly's just doing a river dance, getting out of the way. I've taken cotillion. This last guy is going to take a swing at Beverly, and he's going to hit. I'm so sorry. No, my end. He rolled with the spear. Ooh, it's only two damage. Oh, great. So you take two damage, but he's still going to try to bite you. Cool. So he goes to bite you, and you catch his teeth, his big human teeth, on your shield. Nice. Do any of the teeth stay in the shield? Do any of the teeth? Beverly does have a teeth collection. I'm starting a collection. Yeah. He chips. He's walking around the world with you guys and your mushrooms and your teeth. He chips his big bullywog front tooth on your shield. Nice. Did they just get stuck in the shield? I'm starting a craft project. Well, you should keep it in your shield, though, so everyone knows that you've battled. Why don't you do that after you haven't died? Oh, yeah. I'm just letting you know. Cool. So this other guy is going to attack Moonshine. I said bring it on. And hits with the spear for two. He rolled a one on his damage. He's going to try to bite you. Oh, he crits. Oh, no. First crit of the show is a pop from you guys. What the fuck, Murph? You think I haven't ever slept outside and let the Skeeters bite me? I ain't afraid to get bit. All right. He gives you a big chompy bullywug bite for five damage. Yikes. Nothing. Hard one. Roll me a death saving throw, bud. Oh, boy. I can't use the 18 from last time? You cannot. That one's a three. Oh, I got a single digit, and knowing you, I was like, dear Lord. Hard one starts gurgling on blood a little bit. Things are looking pretty dire over there. This isn't good. That is Moonshine. Okay, so if I want to run over to Hard One, they're going to get attacks of opportunity? One guy will. All right, I got to take it. Yeah. So he's going to take an attack on you. And he misses. Oh. We are blessed. Thank you, Melora. Okay, and then I'm going to cure wounds. I'm going to cure wounds Hard One. Cool. Nice. So Hard One, that's going to be... When you're in the symbiotic form, do you just kind of, like, feed him a mushroom? Yeah, I do, like, good spores. I have bad spores that I do with the bad guys. Push it past the blood coming out of my mouth. One of them, they're both green, but one is a slightly different shade of green. It's very important that you know which hue is which. And it's very dark. Oh, that's going to be 12. Very nice. What does that mean? You pop back up at 12 HP. And then you know the dude that Beverly hit? Yes. I get some spores. How do you want to kill him? Well, I kill him with spores. I'll say finish him. That'll be my thing. Finish him? Finish him. I guess I'd like to go over and kiss him on his toothy mouth and just basically vomit spores into him. Gross. He dies. You have half a tooth. I'm starting a craft project. Will you keep it in your shield, though, so everyone knows that you've battled? Why don't you do that after you haven't died? Oh, yeah, I'm just letting you know. Cool. So this other guy is going to attack Moonshine. I said bring it on. And hit. Try and bite me, bitch. For two. He rolled a one on his damage. He's going to try to bite you. Oh, he crits. Oh, no. First crit of the show is a pop from you guys. What the fuck, Murph? You think I haven't ever slept outside and let the Skeeters bite me? I ain't afraid to get bit. All right. He gives you a big chompy bullywug bite for five damage. Yikes. Nothing. Hard one. Roll me a death saving throw, bud. Oh, boy. I can't use the 18 from last time? You cannot. That one's a three. Oh, God. I got a one. I got a single digit, and knowing you, I was like, dear Lord. Hard one starts gurgling on blood a little bit. Things are looking pretty dire over there. This isn't good. That is Moonshine. Oh, okay. How many of these guys are left? There's one. Then I go to the guy who said, that's my dad, and I say, you should be with your father. Wait, no. That's hospitable. Should we try and question him or something? It's too late. Okay. She's already said her line. I think, yeah, I ask that question, and as I'm asking, should we question him? He's dead. Okay. 15. 15 to hit. That does hit. Ooh, baby. Do your damage. Okay, so I get to do lots of exciting damage. Lots of exciting damage to this poor fatherless child. Five plus my spellcasting modifier, which is five, so 10, plus I get to roll an extra D6. For your symbiotic entity stuff? I would like to question him about Heaven. 12, bitch. 12 total? Yeah. Whoa. This dude is dead. Finish him. Okay, I'm going to just disembowel him. I feel like we have to disembowel him. That's going to take also a lot. I'm going to take it and just do a nice, smooth, but shallow enough cut that it doesn't cut him in half, but instead just his guts spill out. Before his guts come out, I say, Beverly's right. He might have some good intel. Insides fart out of his stomach. As the insides fart. Beverly disembowels him with his shillelagh? Just shoves it up his ass. Moonshine. Moonshine, sorry. And then Moonshine says, maybe we share that dissection badge. I could get into badges. I take the patch off of him. Yeah, no, I give it to her. I give her the patch and say, you've earned it. And as the frog's entrails are bleeding out, I do go up and try and question him. Who's your leader? Where are you keeping the green teens? His dead frog eyes stare at you. I'm going to go through it. A thousand years of horror in his eyes. I'm going to go through his guts to make sure it wasn't an expecting mother. All right, yeah. Yeah, there were twins in there. Wait, really? No. Can I decapitate him? Keep wrecking his body. No, no, y'all. I think we need to give this was everything. So just so you guys know, so you guys are out of battle now. You do hear commotion. Oh, we got to hide. The whole camp knows that people are here. Okay. So we do not have time to do a proper burial. So we're going to come back later, though. Oh, that's really smart. They'll run right past us. Okay, so you're going near the tent, so everybody go ahead and give
...ables, DeBaker8633, DragonMaster123, KaleP, CartRoss, RuthAlfredoSauce, NumberOneGexFan, NosredNyatech, KyrosFetta, ASDDHK, BlueFerbaMagoo, SteveLinnenkamp, RippedOff, EvanLodge, Greg in San Jose, VictorVictoria, CMFBrock, Win2 and Wima12. Thank you guys again for giving us reviews. If you guys want shoutouts, leave us reviews and specify which character you want it from because let's face it, this lightning round is not sustainable. Thanks again guys. That was a hate gum podcast.
